hi there welcome to Games's review today
we're gonna be looking at the cupid om
at 75 Mouse so just gonna take a quick
tour around the box comes behind a hard
plastic shell in the packaging some
specifications down the side of the box
and includes the mouse itself and here's
the first look at the LM 75 the specs of
this include 402 or 1600 dpi which you
can see easily with the DPI buttons on
the top of the mouse it includes 50g of
acceleration 1 meter maximum
acceleration per second 5.8 mega pixels
per second the polling rate of the mouse
is 125 250 500 or a thousand Hertz and
you can set this in the software which
you can download from coop and it comes
with seven programmable buttons as you
can see two on this side two on the top
the mouse will and the tube main left
click and right click buttons one of the
great features of the OM 35 is the
sensor uses a high quality optical
sensor from a vago Cupid claim this is
this produces the most accurate
high-speed movement available in any
optical mouse so let's sum up the pros
at the OM 75
it comes with 7 programmable buttons to
adjust with epi buttons a Fivefinger
grip extra comfort a high quality
optical sensor and a 2 year warranty
throughout many issues with the arms 35
apart from the fact that it is
right-handed only it also does come with
a small level of prediction which may
have put off some gamers it also doesn't
feature any adjustable DPL Mays 400 or
1600 all you're going to get which may
be a problem if you are wanting to
change your dpi to something a little
higher or lower than the settings
provided but all in all there aren't
many things wrong with
so who is the herbs only 5'4 it has some
great features for multiple gaming
disciplines but not one element to put
it in a single category coming in at a
great price point
is probable that many different gamers
will buy this mouse so we're given the
arms 25 the games that recommend the
reward this is one to look at when
choosing your next Mouse thanks for
watching games is TV